---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ohdear_site Resource - ohdear"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ohdear_site (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ohdear_site" "example" {
  url = "https://yoururl.com"

  #all checks are enabled by default
}

resource "ohdear_site" "example2" {
  url           = "https://yoururl.com"
  friendly_name = "display name on ohdear"

  #specify which checks to enable
  checks {
    uptime = true
  }

  #uptime options
  uptime {
    check_max_redirect_count = 2

  }
  tags = ["tag1", "tag2"]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `url` (String) The URL of the site to be monitored.

### Optional

- `application_health` (Block List, Max: 1) application_health configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application_health))
- `broken_links` (Block List, Max: 1) broken_links configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broken_links))
- `checks` (Block List, Max: 1) The list of checks to be performed on the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--checks))
- `friendly_name` (String) If you specify a friendly name we'll display this instead of the url.
- `tags` (List of String) We'll display these tags across our UI and will send them along when requesting sites via the API.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that owns the site.
- `uptime` (Block List, Max: 1) Uptime check configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--uptime))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--application_health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_health`

Required:

- `check_result_url` (String) The URL to check the application health.

Optional:

- `headers` (Block List) A list of HTTP client headers to be sent with the requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--application_health--headers))
- `secret` (String) the secret to use for the application health check.

<a id="nestedblock--application_health--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application_health.headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header.
- `value` (String) The value of the HTTP header.



<a id="nestedblock--broken_links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broken_links`

Optional:

- `crawler_headers` (Block List) A list of HTTP client headers to be sent with the requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--broken_links--crawler_headers))

<a id="nestedblock--broken_links--crawler_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `broken_links.crawler_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header.
- `value` (String) The value of the HTTP header.



<a id="nestedblock--checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checks`

Optional:

- `application_health` (Boolean) Check the health of the application running on the site.
- `broken_links` (Boolean) Check for broken links on the site.
- `certificate_health` (Boolean) Check the health of the SSL certificate of the site.
- `certificate_transparency` (Boolean) Check the certificate transparency logs of the site.
- `cron` (Boolean) Check the cron jobs of the site.
- `dns` (Boolean) Check the DNS configuration of the site.
- `domain` (Boolean) Check the domain configuration of the site.
- `lighthouse` (Boolean) Run Lighthouse checks on the site.
- `mixed_content` (Boolean) Check for mixed content on the site.
- `performance` (Boolean) Check the performance of the site.
- `sitemap` (Boolean) Check the sitemap of the site.
- `uptime` (Boolean) Check if the site is up and running.


<a id="nestedblock--uptime"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uptime`

Optional:

- `check_absent_string` (String) Verify absence of text on response. The string that should be absent in the response. Defaults to ``.
- `check_expected_response_headers` (Block List) Verify headers on response. The expected response headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--uptime--check_expected_response_headers))
- `check_failed_notification_threshold` (Number) The threshold for failed notifications. Minutes Defaults to `2`.
- `check_http_verb` (String) The HTTP verb to use for the check. Values: GET, POST, PUT, PATCH Defaults to `get`.
- `check_location` (String) We can check your server from all over the world. Defaults to `paris`.
- `check_look_for_string` (String) Verify text on response. The string to look for in the response. Defaults to ``.
- `check_max_redirect_count` (Number) The maximum number of redirects to follow. Defaults to `5`.
- `check_payload` (Block List) The payload to send with the check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--uptime--check_payload))
- `check_timeout` (Number) The timeout for the check. Seconds Defaults to `5`.
- `check_valid_status_codes` (List of String) A list of valid status codes for the uptime check. You can specify a comma separated list and use wildcards. '2*' means everything in the 200 range.
- `http_client_headers` (Block List) A list of HTTP client headers to be sent with the requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--uptime--http_client_headers))

<a id="nestedblock--uptime--check_expected_response_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uptime.check_expected_response_headers`

Required:

- `condition` (String) The condition to check for the response header. Values: contains,not contains,equals,matches pattern
- `name` (String) The name of the response header.
- `value` (String) The value of the response header.


<a id="nestedblock--uptime--check_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uptime.check_payload`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the payload.
- `value` (String) The value of the payload.


<a id="nestedblock--uptime--http_client_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `uptime.http_client_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the HTTP header.
- `value` (String) The value of the HTTP header.
